LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
IF YOU'RE THAT ANXIOUS TO
LOSE YOUR KEY...
THEN YOU MAY
DUEL ME, CAMULA:
VAMPIRE MISTRESS
OF THE SHADOW RIDERS.
YOUR TRICKS
DON'T SCARE ME.
WELL THEN, PERHAPS THIS WILL.
IF YOU LOSE, I GET YOUR SOUL.
NOW GEAR GOLEMN
ATTACK VAMPIRE BAT
WITH MECHANIZED MELEE!
UH!
DID YOU FORGET
THAT VAMPIRE BAT
CAN'T BE DESTROYED?
BUT AS INFERNALVANIA WILL
DEMONSTRATE--YOUR GOLEMN CAN!
VAMPIRE BAT ATTACK!
[GASPS]
DOCTOR CROWLER!
SIX TO GO.
AND NOW,
DARLING CHILDREN, TO TAKE MY
SECOND PRIZE.
Syrus:
SHE PUT CROWLER'S
SOUL...IN A DOLL!
NOW...I BID FAREWELL...
WE'LL FIND YOU!
AND DUEL!
CHILDREN, THAT'S PRECISELY
WHAT I'M HOPING FOR!
HA HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: I'LL PLAY A TRAP
AND THEN I'LL PLAY A SPELL,
AND THEN I'LL ATTACK!
WELL, JUST AS SOON AS I
GET BETTER I WILL.
CAMULA'S GONNA GET
IT SOONER OR LATER.
I MEAN,
TAKIN' THAT SPIRIT KEY IS ONE
THING...BUT CROWLER'S
SOUL, TOO?!
JAY...YOU REALLY
OUGHT TO REST.
SY'S RIGHT, AFTER ALL,
IF WE'RE NOT AT OUR BEST...
IT'S OUR SOULS...
THAT WILL BE SEALED
IN THOSE DOLLS AND OUR
BODIES WILL BE...
CATATONIC!
[YOWL]
Banner: NO, PHARAOH,
JUST BECAUSE THE WORD
HAS "CAT" IN IT DOESN'T
MEAN IT APPLIES TO YOU.
THOUGH I'M NOT SURE NINE
LIVES MAKES A DIFFERENCE
WITH VAMPIRES.
AW, MAN...
THE WORST PART IS...
SINCE CAMULA WAS ABLE TO
TAKE CROWLER'S KEY...SHE
NEEDS JUST SIX MORE TO UNLEASH
THOSE BEAST CARDS.
AND THEN IT WON'T JUST BE
OUR SOULS AT STAKE...
BUT EVERYONE'S IN THE WORLD!
THAT'S IT!
I'M DUELING HER--TONIGHT!
YOU DUEL?!
THINK AGAIN!
YOU CAN'T EVEN WIN
A FIGHT WITH A SHEET.
THIS DUEL IS
FOR THE CHAZZ.
HOLD ON...HOLD ON...THERE!
I WON.
YOU DID NOT.
IT'S TWO OUTTA THREE!
Syrus: COME ON, JADEN!
YOU CAN DO IT!
LOOK, JADEN'S NOT
UP TO SNUFF.
ONE OF US IS GONNA
HAVE TO FACE CAMULA.
Bastion:
AND BY US YOU
MEAN YOU, CORRECT?
I'M SORRY, CHAZZ... BUT I'M
NOT ENTIRELY CONVINCED THAT
YOU'RE THE MAN FOR THE JOB.
I SHOULD GO.
YOU?!
ALMOST GOT IT!
MAN, WHAT THREAD
COUNT IS THIS?!
SHUT IT!
SURE.
I NEED THE BREAK...
Alexis: AND WHAT WE NEED
IS TO WORK TOGETHER.
PROTECTING THE KEYS AND
GETTING CROWLER'S SOUL BACK
IS ALL THAT MATTERS.
HMM.
ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT...I'LL
SIT OUT...'TIL I GET BETTER.
HEY, ZANE?
Syrus: WAIT UP!
HEY...BIG BRO...
DIDN'T WE JUST DECIDE
TO WORK TOGETHER?
WHERE ARE YOU GOING,
WHAT GIVES?
IF ALL THAT MATTERS IS
PROTECTING THOSE KEYS
AND RESCUING CROWLER YOU
KNOW WHERE I'M GOING.
THE ONE I CRAVE IS COMING...
[CHUCKLING]
AND I'M READY...
HEY, LONG TIME, BOSS!
HOW'S THINGS?
AAH!
THEY WERE FINE.
UNTIL YOU SHOWED UP.
OH, AND NOW THINGS
ARE GREAT, RIGHT?
THANKS, BOSS, YOU ALWAYS KNOW
HOW TO MAKE ME FEEL GOOD.
SO WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
ARRANGING YOUR DECK?
CAN I HELP?
HEY! FRAGILE HERE!!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
STOP!
NO, STOP IT....STOP!
BOSS! THIS DOLL'S ALIVE!!
WOULD YOU MIND EASING UP
ON THE GRIP A TAD?
YOU'RE WRINKLING MY COAT!
OH, YEAH...THAT'S
DOCTOR CROWLER, ALRIGHT.
HUH?
IT'S STARTING AGAIN!
SHE'S BAA-ACK...
RUN!
AW, RUNNING?
ACTUALLY, PIGGY-BACKING.
WHATEVER IT IS,
LET'S GET A MOVE ON!
BECAUSE I
HAVE A FEELING
THAT VAMPIRE
IS ABOUT
TO BITE AGAIN!
Chumley: EXPLAIN
TO ME AGAIN
WHY WE'RE GOING
TO THIS PLACE...
INSTEAD OF RUNNING AWAY
FROM IT...OR WALKING AWAY.
AW, NOW WE GOTTA DO STAIRS?!
CAN'T I JUST DRAG JADEN
INSTEAD OF CARRYING HIM?
IT'D BE EASIER ON MY BACK.
Zane: QUIET. WE'RE CLOSE.
Camula: AHHH...
RIGHT ON TIME.
LOOKING FOR ME?
[ALL GASP]
YOU BET WE ARE!
WE WANT CROWLER BACK!
GOT THAT RIGHT!
SO HAND HIM OVER!
YES...OR ELSE.
I HAVE NO INTEREST
IN LITTLE SCHOOLBOYS.
SHE MUST MEAN YOU.
NO SHE MEANS YOU!
ARE YOU READY, DARLING?
LET'S DUEL.
[GASPS]
GOOD LUCK, BRO...
Camula: LET US REVIEW;
IF YOU WIN, YOU GET
CROWLER'S SOUL BACK
AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY.
BUT IF I WIN, I GET YOUR SOUL,
YOUR SPIRIT KEY...
AND I GET TO CONTINUE MY QUEST
TO UNLEASH THE THREE
SACRED BEASTS!
DUEL!
I LIKE TO LEAD!
I SUMMON VAMPIRE LADY
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL LAY ONE
CARD FACE DOWN.
THAT'S ALL.
REALLY? SHAME.
BECAUSE IT WON'T
BE ENOUGH
TO PROTECT
YOU FROM WHAT I
HAVE PLANNED.
OH!
PLAYING POWER BOND?
IT ALLOWS ME TO FUSE
MACHINE-TYPE MONSTERS!
AND I HAVE THE PERFECT
THREE IN MIND--
MY CYBER DRAGONS!
NOW UNITE...AND FORM THE
ALMIGHTY CYBER END DRAGON!
[ROARING]
ZANE'S SUMMONED HIS MOST
POWERFUL MONSTER
ON HIS VERY
FIRST TURN!
WOW, THAT'S NOT LIKE ZANE.
HE USUALLY FEELS OUT AN
OPPONENT BEFORE THROWING
POWER BOND.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE HE'S
JUST USING IT
INSTEAD OF PLAYING IT...
I HOPE HE KNOWS WHAT
HE'S DOING...
MY, I LIKE
YOUR AGGRESSIVENESS.
BUT POWER BOND HAS ITS RISKS.
ARE YOU CERTAIN YOU CAN
HANDLE ALL THE CONSEQUENCES?
SHE'S RIGHT.
AT THE TURN'S END...
HE'LL TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO CYBER'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS...
AND THAT ADDS UP
TO 4000 BIG ONES!
BUT THAT MAY BE A RISK
HE'S WILLING TO TAKE
CUZ NOW POWER BOND
DOUBLES CYBER END
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS!
8000 POINTS?
I DON'T THINK I'LL HAVE TO
WORRY ABOUT "CONSEQUENCES"
AFTER THIS TURN.
NOW ATTACK VAMPIRE LADY!
SUPER STRIDENT BLAZE!
[ROARING]
FORGETTING MY FACE DOWN?
I PLAY THE TRAP
RED GHOST MOON!
NOW, DARLING...
BY DISCARDING ONE ZOMBIE
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD...
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK
POINTS ARE ADDED DIRECTLY TO
MY LIFE POINTS AND OUR
LITTLE BATTLE ENDS RIGHT
HERE AND NOW.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S 8000 POINTS,
PLUS THE 4000 I HAD...
GIVING ME
A TOTAL OF 12,000!
WRONG.
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD DE-FUSION...
DISASSEMBLING CYBER
END DRAGON...
AND LEAVING YOU...
WITH ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
RED GHOST MOON'S
TARGET IS GONE--SO
ITS EFFECT IS CANCELLED!
MY POINTS!
HEY, KNOW WHAT ELSE?
NOW THAT POWER
BOND IS GONE...
HE WON'T HAVE TO PAY
POINTS FOR USING IT!
NOW THAT'S PLAYIN'
A CARD! HUH, SY?!
YEAH!
I'LL END WITH ONE FACEDOWN.
HA HA HA!
OH, MY DARLING!
I SEE NOW WHY YOU'RE
RANKED THE TOP DUELIST
AT DUEL ACADEMY.
ACTUALLY, YOU HAVEN'T
SEEN ANYTHING YET.
WELL, I HOPE NOT.
ZANE, DEAR...PRECIOUS.
WE'VE ONLY JUST
BEGUN THIS DUEL.
AND I EXPECT TO HAVE A
LOT MORE FUN WITH YOU!
AW MAN...I DON'T THINK
I'M GONNA LIKE
HER KIND OF FUN...
NOW THEN...SHALL WE?
FIRST, I'LL SACRIFICE
VAMPIRE LADY...
TO SUMMON VAMPIRE LORD!
NEXT I'LL SACRIFICE HIM...
TO SUMMON...VAMPIRE GENESIS!
[ROARING]
UGLY!
SCARY!
DARLING ZANE.
I PROMISED YOU
SOME FUN, DIDN'T I?
AND NOW WE'LL HAVE IT.
ARE YOU EXCITED?
OH...YOU'RE SUCH A BORE.
WELL MAYBE THIS
WILL ROUSE YOU--
VAMPIRE GENESIS ATTACK!
[ROARING]
AS FUN AS THIS IS....
I'M AFRAID THAT I'M
GOING TO HAVE
TO INTERRUPT IT WITH MY
FACEDOWN CARD...
THE TRAP:
ATTACK REFLECTOR UNIT!
A TRAP?!
ONE THAT'S EVOLUTIONARY.
YOU SEE, ATTACK
REFLECTOR UNIT EVOLVES
MY CYBER DRAGON INTO...
THE CYBER BARRIER
DRAGON!
AND WHEN THE CYBER BARRIER
DRAGON IS IN ATTACK MODE...
ONCE PER TURN, ITS SPECIAL
POWER ALLOWS ME TO NEGATE
THE ATTACK OF YOUR MONSTER!
SO YOUR VAMPIRE GENESIS'S
ATTACK...CAN GO RIGHT BACK TO
WHERE IT STARTED.
[GROWLING]
HOW DARE YOU!
YOUR BRO'S GOT GAME!
NO WONDER HE BEAT ME!
THOUGH IT WAS CLOSE.
YEAH...
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I PLAY POT OF GREED!
THIS LETS ME DRAW TWO
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
NEXT I ACTIVATE...
THE SPELL PHOTON
GENERATOR UNIT!
NOW BY SACRIFICING MY
DRAGONS...I CAN SUMMON
THE CYBER LASER DRAGON!
AND WITH CYBER
LASER DRAGON...
ONCE EVERY TURN,
I CAN DESTROY
ONE MONSTER
THAT HAS EQUAL...
OR MORE ATTACK
OR DEFENSE
POINTS THAN LASER
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS!
I BET YOU TALK TO ALL
THE GIRLS LIKE THAT.
NO, JUST ONES I
REALLY DON'T LIKE.
NOW...LASER DRAGON!
LET LOOSE...BLUE
LIGHTNING LASH...
[ROARING]
AND NOW GO AHEAD
AND ATTACK HER DIRECTLY!
BLUE LIGHTNING BLAST!
AAAH!
OH, AND...DON'T
THINK I FORGOT CYBER
BARRIER DRAGON.
ATTACK!
SONIC SHRIEK!
AAH!
ALL RIGHT!!!
THAT'S EXACTLY THE MOVE
I WOULD'VE MADE!
SURE, CHUM...
TOTALLY...IN
YOUR DREAMS!
SO...NOW YOU CAN SEE WHY
MY BROTHER'S NEVER LOST,
HUH, GUYS?!
STILL, MOM SAYS I GOT
THE LOOKS...
[OTHERS GROAN]
I'LL PLACE ONE FACEDOWN
AND...END MY TURN.
DARLING...YOU DO
REALIZE...YOU'RE FORCING ME
TO REVEAL MY UGLY SIDE!
YOU SEE?
AND IT'S ONLY GOING TO
GET UGLIER...
I PLAY...
ILLUSION GATE!
ILLUSION GATE?
UH-OH.
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF IT.
YOU GUYS KNOW
WHAT IT DOES?
NO.
NOT ME.
Banner: I THINK WE'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT.
BEHOLD!
FIRST, THIS SPELL CARD
DESTROYS ALL MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD.
UHH...
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
IT HAS TWIN FUNCTIONS.
HA HA HA!
YOU SEE...
THIS CARD ALSO ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON ANY MONSTER
YOU'VE USED
DURING THIS ENTIRE DUEL.
WHAT?
SO, EVEN THOUGH
YOU DE-FUSED CYBER DRAGON
AFTER ONLY ONE TURN,
YOU DID USE HIM
DURING THIS DUEL.
PLEASE.
NO CARD
IS POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO LET YOU MAKE
A MOVE LIKE THAT.
THERE MUST BE
SOME KIND OF CATCH.
YES...BUT IT'S
JUST A TINY ONE.
AFTER USING
ILLUSION GATE,
SHOULD I HAPPEN
TO STILL LOSE THIS DUEL,
I MUST SACRIFICE A SOUL
TO THE SACRED BEASTS.
THAT ALL?
WELL, GOOD!
IT'S WHATCHA GET
FOR TAKING
CROWLER'S!
BEG YOUR PARDON...
I SAID A SOUL,
NOT MY SOUL.
YOU SEE,
IN THE SHADOWS,
IT'S ALL THE SAME
TO THE SACRED BEASTS...
SYRUS.
HUH?
OH, YES.
THOSE BEASTS
WOULD FIND YOUR SOUL
TO BE A TASTY TREAT,
I'M SURE.
UHH...SYRUS!
RUN!!!
OH, NO, YOU DON'T!
HUH?
SYRUS!
SY!
AW...SORRY, ZANE...
HA HA! AND NOW...
I SUMMON THE ALMIGHTY
CYBER END DRAGON!
[ROARING]
AAH!
SY!
[GASPING]
WHATEVER WILL YOU DO?
I HAVE YOUR BEST MONSTER
AND YOUR LITTLE BROTHER...
ACTUALLY, I SUPPOSE
THEY'RE REALLY ONE
IN THE SAME NOW.
AFTER ALL, IF YOU MANAGE
TO DO IN THE CYBER
END DRAGON,
YOU'LL ALSO BE DOING IN
LITTLE SYRUS' SOUL.
SO AS I SAID...
WHATEVER WILL YOU DO?
[THINKING]
THE FACEDOWN CARD
ON MY FIELD
IS CALL OF THE HAUNTED.
IF I USE IT TO RESURRECT
CYBER BARRIER DRAGON,
I CAN STOP
THAT CYBER END DRAGON
AND WIN THE DUEL.
CAMULA WILL BE
DEFEATED.
WE'LL BE THAT
MUCH CLOSER TO
KEEPING THE WORLD SAFE
FROM THOSE
SACRED BEASTS...
AND IN EXCHANGE,
WE JUST LOSE ONE SOUL--
MY BROTHER'S.
THE CHOICE IS CLEAR.
SO?! WHAT IS IT
GOING TO BE--
SAVE THE WORLD OR SAVE
YOUR BROTHER'S SOUL,
WHICH ALSO MEANS
LOSING YOURS!
GO ON, ZANE...DO IT.
YOU HAVE TO.
HUH?
MY SOUL IS
A SMALL PRICE TO PAY
TO STOP CAMULA.
AFTER ALL, IF SHE WINS
THIS DUEL, ZANE...
SHE'LL GET
YOUR SPIRIT KEY,
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.
THE SHADOW RIDERS...
THEY'LL BE THAT
MUCH CLOSER TO FREEING
THOSE SACRED BEASTS!
BESIDES, ZANE...
IF ONE OF US
HAS TO GO DOWN,
IT MIGHT AS WELL
BE ME.
SURE, I MAY HAVE
GOTTEN THE LOOKS,
BUT THE TRUTH IS,
YOU GOT JUST ABOUT
EVERYTHING ELSE.
THE SKILLS, THE SMARTS--
EVERYTHING.
ANYWAY, BIG BRO...
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I MEAN,
AT LEAST THIS WAY...
I'LL BE REMEMBERED
FOR SOMETHING
OTHER THAN JUST BEING
YOUR LITTLE BROTHER.
THIS WAY, ZANE...
I'LL BE THE ONE
WHO'S THE HERO.
THE ONE WHO SAVES
THE DAY.
AFTER ALL, WE BOTH KNOW
I WOULD'VE NEVER BEEN
ABLE TO DO IT BY DUELING.
IT'S JUST LIKE
YOU SAID...
I NEVER BELONGED HERE.
I DID SAY THAT, SYRUS,
BUT SINCE THEN,
YOU PROVED ME WRONG.
YOU DO BELONG HERE.
HMM?
I LOVE YOU, SYRUS.
NEVER FORGET IT.
AW, ZANE...
I'LL MISS YOU,
LITTLE BRO.
FAREWELL.
I STAND DOWN.
ZANE?!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
SO BE IT!
CYBER END DRAGON,
DESTROY HIM!
[ROARING]
AAH!
ZANE, NO!
STOP! TAKE ME!
BIG BROTHER?!
[GRUNTING]
OH, NO...
Camula:
AT LAST, DARLING,
YOU'RE ALL MINE.
A TAD SMALLER AND A SMIDGE
LESS TALKATIVE...
BUT A DARLING TROPHY
NONETHELESS.
[SHUDDERING]
HA HA HA!
[LAUGHTER]
JUST LIKE THAT...
HE'S GONE.
UHH!
HMM?
THAT'S IT!
JADEN?
YOU HEAR ME?!
NO MORE, CAMULA!
I'M THROUGH WITH YOU
MESSIN' WITH MY FRIENDS!
GOT THAT?
WHAT YOU DID TO CROWLER,
TO ZANE?!
IT STOPS HERE,
AND I'M GONNA BE
THE ONE WHO STOPS IT!
JADEN...
SURE, I MAY NOT BE UP
TO SNUFF, BUT I DON'T CARE.
I'M TAKING YOU ON
AND ONE WAY OR ANOTHER,
I'M GETTIN' OUR FRIENDS'
SOULS BACK!
ABOUT TIME!
CAMULA!!!
[GRUNTING]
CAMULA, HERE I COME...
SO GET SET
TO GET YOUR GAME ON!